Add a roadmap document describing planned features and ideas (#367)
onflow/cadence: ROADMAP.md

    Cadence should provide an API to query/iterate over account storage.

- Compilation

  Cadence programs are currently executed using a tree-walking interpreter,
  which is easy to modify and useful for debugging.
  We are investigating compilation to improve performance.
  Potential targets / inspirations are WebAssembly, MoveVM, and IELE.

- Extensibility

  Cadence should provide means to extend existing types with additional functionality
  even when those types did not explicitly provide mechanisms to do so.
  This would be very useful and would increase future-proofing code.

  However, it might have a negative impact on explicitness/discoverability,
  i.e it might be hard for a user to understand where a definition originates from
  if it wasn't defined in the type's original set of functions.
  It might also have system and security implications.
  A solution needs to take these issues into account.

- Host interface

  The current API that allows Cadence to be integrated into a host environment,
  such as the Flow Execution Node, the Flow Emulator, or Flow Playground,
  is not flexible enough and difficult to extend.

>   Refactoring the architecture of the current interface to .

Reviewer: The sentence seems not completed?

Author: ```suggestion
  Refactor the pull-based architecture of the current interface to an injection-based architecture.
  
  Move non-essential type and value declarations out of the core Cadence code.
```
